Suggested changes to Docs restructuring (#50)
Lumi-supercomputer/lumi-userguide: docs/software/index.md

# Overview

[developing-overview]: ../development/index.md
[lumi-p]: ../storage/parallel/lumip.md
[easybuild]: ./installing/easybuild.md
[spack]: ./installing/spack.md
[contwrapper]: ./containers/wrapper.md
[singularity-container]: ../computing/containers.md
[singularity-jobs]: ../software/containers/cray_mpich.md

---
Here you find guidance on ways to install software on LUMI as well as guides on
using some specific software packages on LUMI. If you are looking for ways to
optimize your software for use on LUMI, consult the [developing
section][developing-overview] instead.

---

You have two options for bringing your scientific software to LUMI:

1. Install your scientific software in your home or project directory.
   For this we recommend using the [EasyBuild][easybuild] package manager as it
   is used to manage the central software stack on LUMI and makes it easy to

>    install additional software that extends it. Alternatively, you may use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   install additional software that extends it. You can find the list of softwares for which there is a currently available EasyBuild (EasyConfig) recipe for LUMI environment [here](https://github.com/Lumi-supercomputer/LUMI-SoftwareStack/tree/main/easybuild/easyconfigs) in LUMI Github repocitory. Alternatively, you may use
```

Author: Accepted. I might end up putting it a bit differently, but I should definitely be included.

You have two options for bringing your scientific software to LUMI:

1. Install your scientific software in your home or project directory. For this
   we recommend using the [EasyBuild][easybuild] package manager as it is used
   to manage the [central software stack][software-stacks] on LUMI and makes it
   easy to install additional software that extends it. Alternatively, you may
   use [Spack][spack] or the [container wrapper][contwrapper].
2. Bring a [Singularity/Apptainer software container][singularity-container]
   and run it using the [Singularity container runtime][singularity-jobs]
   provided by LUMI.

Consult the [module environment page][module-env] for instructions on

> identifying already installed software on LUMI. Furthermore, you may want to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
identifying the already available software on LUMI. Furthermore, you may want to
```

Author: Accepted
